yilu-common/README.md, before:

# Yilu Common chart

Yilu-Common is a base chart for all internally used charts.

## VERSIONS AND BREAKING CHANGES

This template supports semantic versioning as helm.

with the version `0.3.0` breaking changes are introduced and template is not backward compatible.
*Helm v3 supported only.*
Lots of changes on how the templates are configured.
But generated manifest is still same.

### Migration from 0.2.z to 0.3.z

with the new template you don't have to explicitly import values when using the chart. 

this is how it used to be with versions 0.2.z

in the requirements.yaml (Helm v2) or in the Chart.yaml(Helm v3) calling import-values block is mandatory

```yaml
dependencies:
  - name: yilu-common
    version: 0.2.0
    repository: https://yiluhub.github.io/common-chart/
    import-values:
      - data
```

```yaml
serviceName: "communication-engine"
yilu-common:
  exports:
    data:
      secretsEnabled: true
      secretsName: communication-engine-secrets
```

and now it's simplified, import-values is not necessary.

```yaml
dependencies:
  - name: yilu-common
    version: 0.3.0
    repository: https://yiluhub.github.io/common-chart/
```

also notice exports:data is not necessary, parameter names also changed. please refer to [parameters](#parameters) part of this documentation

```yaml
yilu-common:
  serviceName: "communication-engine"
  secrets:
    enabled: true
    name: communication-engine-secrets
```

## USAGE

### How to use

You can use `helm create .` then helm will automatically creates necessary folders.

```bash
~/tmp/demo-service$ helm create demo-service-chart
Creating demo-service
/tmp/$ cd demo-service-chart && ls -l
total 16
-rw-r--r--   1 guneriu  wheel   1.1K Sep 29 14:39 Chart.yaml
drwxr-xr-x   2 guneriu  wheel    64B Sep 29 14:39 charts
drwxr-xr-x  10 guneriu  wheel   320B Sep 29 14:39 templates
-rw-r--r--   1 guneriu  wheel   1.8K Sep 29 14:39 values.yaml

```

Helm generated a bunch of files inside the templates folder \
but we won't need them for common chart. Because common-chart will generate \
all necessary files for the deployment. Also clean the variables from values.yaml

```bash

~/tmp/demo-service/demo-service-chart$ rm -rf /templates
~/tmp/demo-service/demo-service-chart$ echo "" > values.yaml

```

Add yilu-common repo to your helm repos list.
```bash
~/tmp/demo-service$ helm repo add yilu-common https://yiluhub.github.io/common-chart/
```
Now let's add yilu-common as a dependency, append the lines to Chart.yaml
```yaml
dependencies:
  - name: yilu-common
    version: 0.3.0
    repository: https://yiluhub.github.io/common-chart/
```

Update dependency to fetch the chart

```bash
 ~/tmp/demo-service$ helm dependency update demo-service-chart
Hang tight while we grab the latest from your chart repositories...
...Unable to get an update from the "local" chart repository (http://127.0.0.1:8879/charts):
	Get "http://127.0.0.1:8879/charts/index.yaml": dial tcp 127.0.0.1:8879: connect: connection refused
...Successfully got an update from the "kubernetes" chart repository
...Successfully got an update from the "yilu-common" chart repository
...Successfully got an update from the "hashicorp" chart repository
...Successfully got an update from the "stable" chart repository
Update Complete. ⎈Happy Helming!⎈
Saving 1 charts
Downloading yilu-common from repo https://yiluhub.github.io/common-chart/
Deleting outdated charts
```  

Ideally, you would pass the params via values.yaml but let's test if things are fine until now.
You should see manifest output. 
```bash
 ~/tmp/demo-service$ helm template  demo-service-chart --debug --set yilu-common.image.tag="test" --set serviceName="demo-service"
 
 ---
# Source: demo-service/charts/yilu-common/templates/service.yaml
apiVersion: v1
kind: Service
metadata:
  name: demo-service
  labels:
    simpletrip: demo-service
spec:
  type: NodePort
  ports:
  - port: 8080
    name: http
  selector:
    simpletrip: demo-service
---
# Source: demo-service/charts/yilu-common/templates/deployment.yaml
apiVersion: apps/v1
kind: Deployment
metadata:
  name: demo-service
  labels:
    simpletrip: demo-service
spec:
  selector:
    matchLabels:
      simpletrip: demo-service
  template:
    metadata:
      labels:
        simpletrip: demo-service
    spec:
      containers:
      - name: simpletrip
        image: 432560034976.dkr.ecr.eu-central-1.amazonaws.com/yiluhub/demo-service:test
        imagePullPolicy: Always
        ports:
        - containerPort: 8080
        envFrom:
        - configMapRef:
            name: spring-boot-cloud
        livenessProbe:
          httpGet:
            path: /actuator/health
            port: 8080
          initialDelaySeconds: 300
        readinessProbe:
          httpGet:
            path: /actuator/health
            port: 8080
          initialDelaySeconds: 30
        env:
        - name: SPRING_ENVIRONMENT
          valueFrom:
            configMapKeyRef:
              name: spring-boot-cloud
              key: spring.environment
        - name: CLOUD_ENVIRONMENT
          valueFrom:
            configMapKeyRef:
              name: spring-boot-cloud
              key: cloud.environment
        - name: SERVER_PORT
          value: "8080"
        - name: DD_AGENT_HOST
          valueFrom:
            fieldRef:
              fieldPath: status.hostIP
        - name: DD_TRACE_ENABLED
          valueFrom:
            configMapKeyRef:
              name: datadog-config
              key: apm.enabled
        - name: DD_SERVICE_NAME
          valueFrom:
            fieldRef:
              fieldPath: metadata.labels['simpletrip']
        - name: DD_TRACE_ANALYTICS_ENABLED
          valueFrom:
            configMapKeyRef:
              name: datadog-config
              key: apm.enabled
        - name: DD_LOGS_INJECTION
          valueFrom:
            configMapKeyRef:
              name: datadog-config
              key: apm.enabled
      affinity:
        podAntiAffinity:
          requiredDuringSchedulingIgnoredDuringExecution:
          - labelSelector:
              matchExpressions:
              - key: simpletrip
                operator: In
                values:
                -
            topologyKey: kubernetes.io/hostname
      nodeSelector:
        role: general-purpose
  strategy:
    type: RollingUpdate
    rollingUpdate:
      maxSurge: 1
      maxUnavailable: 0
---
# Source: demo-service/charts/yilu-common/templates/hpa.yaml
apiVersion: autoscaling/v1
kind: HorizontalPodAutoscaler
metadata:
  name: demo-service
spec:
  minReplicas: 2
  maxReplicas: 10
  scaleTargetRef:
    apiVersion: apps/v1
    kind: Deployment
    name: demo-service
  targetCPUUtilizationPercentage: 80
```

---

#### Example CronJob configuration

```yaml
serviceName: "whatever-name"
containerName: "whatever-container-name"
job:
  enabled: true
  concurrencyPolicy: "Forbid"
  schedule: "'*/15 * * * *'"
  successfulJobsHistoryLimit: 10
  failedJobsHistoryLimit: 10
  overrideImageUrl: busybox  # optional; otherwise it uses the same image used for deployment
  extraEnvConfigMapRef: extra-env-config-map-name  # optional; if you want to have extra env configuration
  image:
  args:
    - java
    - -jar
    - /usr/local/lib/app.jar
    - -v
```

### AWS Configuration

Configuring AWS access for your app is done via injecting AWS credentials to container

```yaml
aws:
  enabled: true
  secretKeyRefName: "aws-secrets"
```

will generate the code below, please configure your secret accordingly to match with the keys `key_id`, `secret`

```yaml
    env:
    - name: AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID
      valueFrom:
        secretKeyRef:
          name: aws-secrets
          key: key_id
    - name: AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY
      valueFrom:
        secretKeyRef:
          name: aws-secrets
          key: secret
```

### Secrets Configuration

We have enabled Kubernetes & Vault secret integration in chart version 0.4.0 and above.
More details can be found [here](https://yiluts.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/YILU/pages/2463694899/HCP+Vault+-+Kubernetes+Integration)

When you enable secrets, `secrets.enabled`, Kubernetes will fetch the secret from Vault. Thus make sure that corresponding secret exists in Vault. More details around adding/ updating secrets in Vault can be found [here](https://github.com/yiluhub/vault-service-secret)

### Adding dynamic and static secrets with vault secrets operator

To enable the `dynamicSecrets`, you need to set `enabled` as true, provide a valid `mountPath`, `awsPermissionsRolePath`.

To enable the `staticSecrets`, you need to set `enabled` as true, provide a valid `mountPath`, `secretName`, `secretPath`, `secretKeys`

Shown below is an example of how to set this up:

```yaml
yilu-common:
  secrets:
    dynamicSecrets:
      enabled: false
      mountPath: "<some path here>" # example: aws/secret-engines"
      secrets:
        - name: "some-name" # something like worldshop
          type: "type of dynamic secrets engine" # example: aws
          awsPermissionsRolePath: "vault role path here>" # example: creds/service-read"
    staticSecrets:
      enabled: false
      mountPath: "<some path here>" # example: kv/services/secrets
      refreshInterval: 1h
      secretName: "<some name here"  # example: Yilu-static-secret
      secretPath: "<some secret path here>" # example: worldshop
      version: 1
      secretKeys:
      - KEY1
      - KEY2
```

The `secretKeys` are the ones that will be assigned to env vars for the deployment, they also match the keys in vault for the specific secret

To know which exact `awsPermissionsRolePath` value to use for a given environment, you need to check the respective vault for the given environment under the `aws/secrets-engine` for AWS, and among the roles, select one with the permissions your application needs.

```NOTE: This secrets stanza is the same one used by the external secrets operator. This will remain the same for now until we fully migrate to the new vault secrets operator to avoid confusion.
```

## Parameters

## Yilu-Common parameters

| Name                     | Description                                                       | Value                                                     |
|--------------------------|-------------------------------------------------------------------|-----------------------------------------------------------|
| `serviceName`            | Service name, *mandatory*                                         | ``                                                        |
| `containerName`          | Service container name                                            | ``                                                        |
| `image.repository`       | Service image repository                                          | `432560034976.dkr.ecr.eu-central-1.amazonaws.com/yiluhub` |
| `image.tag`              | Service image tag (immutable tags are recommended), *mandatory*   | `""`                                                      |
| `image.pullPolicy`       | Service image pull policy                                         | `Always`                                                  |
| `secrets.enabled`        | Enable injection of existing secrets                              | `false`                                                   |
| `secrets.name`           | name of the existing secrets                                      | `""`                                                      |
| `aws.enabled`            | Enable injection of AWS credentials via secrets                   | `false`                                                   |
| `aws.secretKeyRefName`   | name of the existing secrets contains AWS credentials             | `""`                                                      |
| `args`                   | Override default container args (useful when using custom images) | `[]`                                                      |
| `extraEnv`               | Extra environment variables to be set on the container            | `[]`                                                      |
| `mockClientsConfEnabled` | Setup environment variables for Mocking (useful for dev)          | `false`                                                   |
| `labels`                 | labels to add to container                                        | `""`                                                      |
| `resources`              | add resource request                                              | `"check readme file"`                                     |

### Exposure parameters

| Name                               | Description                            | Value                    |
|------------------------------------|----------------------------------------|--------------------------|
| `service.type`                     | Kubernetes service type                | `NodePort`               |
| `service.port`                     | Kubernetes service HTTP port           | `8080`                   |
| `service.ports.https.enabled`      | Enable Kubernetes service HTTPS port   | `false`                  |
| `service.ports.https`              | Kubernetes service HTTPS port          | `443`                    |

### Service Health

| Name                                   | Description                                         | Value              |
|----------------------------------------|-----------------------------------------------------|--------------------|
| `livenessProbe.path`                   | LivenessProbe path                                  | `/actuator/health` |
| `livenessProbe.initialDelaySeconds`    | LivenessProbe initial delay second to make request  | `300`              |
| `readinessProbe.path`                  | ReadinessProbe path                                 | `/actuator/health` |
| `readinessProbe.initialDelaySeconds`   | ReadinessProbe initial delay second to make request | `30`               |

### Monitoring

| Name                             | Description                                | Value             |
|----------------------------------|--------------------------------------------|-------------------|
| `datadog.serviceNameEnv`         | Environment variable name for service name | `DD_SERVICE_NAME` |
| `datadog.analyzedSpansEnabled`   | Enable span analyze                        | `false`           |

### AutoScaling

| Name                                 | Description                                  | Value |
|--------------------------------------|----------------------------------------------|-------|
| `hpa.targetCPUUtilizationPercentage` | Target Cpu percentage to trigger autoscaling | `80`  |
| `hpa.minReplicas`                    | Min number of replicas                       | `2`   |
| `hpa.maxReplicas`                    | Max number of replicas                       | `10`  |

### CronJob

| Name                             | Description                                        | Value   |
|----------------------------------|----------------------------------------------------|---------|
| `job.enable`                     | Enable creation of the cronjob                     | `false` |
| `job.overrideImageUrl`           | Image url, otherwise uses default image repository | `""`    |
| `job.concurrencyPolicy`          | Job concurrency policy                             | `""`    |
| `job.schedule`                   | Job schedule, cron tab format                      | `""`    |
| `job.successfulJobsHistoryLimit` | Job successful jobs history limit                  | `""`    |
| `job.failedJobsHistoryLimit`     | Job failed jobs history limit                      | `""`    |
| `job.command`                    | Command to run on the container                    | `""`    |
| `job.args`                       | Extra args to pass to container                    | `[]`    |
| `job.extraEnvConfigMapRef`       | Name of the configmap to inject to container       | `""`    |

### Dynamic/Static Secrets (Vault Secrets Operator)

| Name                             | Description                                        | Value   |
|----------------------------------|--------------------------------------------------------|---------|
| `secrets.vault.namespace` | Namespace in Vault where the secrets are created| `admin/yiluhub` |
| `secrets.vault.vaultSecretsOperatorName`| Name of the Vault secrets operator name | `"vault-secrets-operator"` |
| `secrets.vault.authRef`| vault secrets operator auth ref name prefixed with the namespace |`"vault-secrets-operator/default"` |
| `secrets.dynamicSecrets.enabled` | This value enables the dynamic secrets | `false/true` |
| `secrets.dynamicSecrets.mountPath` | The mount path at which the secrets engine is mounted | `"eg. aws/secrets-engine"` |
| `secrets.dynamicSecrets.secrets.name` | The name of the of the secret to be created in k8s secret resource | `""` |
| `secrets.dynamicSecrets.secrets.type` | The type of the dynamic secret | `"aws or database"` |
| `secrets.dynamicSecrets.secrets.permissionsRolePath` | the dynamic secrets role path in vault | `"eg. creds/service-read"` |
| `secrets.staticSecrets.enabled` | This value enables the static secrets | `false/true` |
| `secrets.staticSecrets.mountPath` | The mount path at which the secrets engine is mounted | `"kv/service/secrets"` |
| `secrets.staticSecrets.refreshInterval` | The refresh interval of the secret | `""` |
| `secrets.staticSecrets.secretName` | The name of the secret to be created in k8s secrets resource | `""` |
| `secrets.staticSecrets.secretPath` | The static secrets path in vault | `"worldshop"` |
| `secrets.staticSecrets.version` | The vault version to use | `"1"` |
| `secrets.staticSecrets.secretKeys` | The list of secret Keys that much the keys of the specific secret in vault | `[]` |

### Secrets (External Secrets Operator)

| Name                             | Description                                        | Value   |
|----------------------------------|--------------------------------------------------------|---------|
| `secrets.enabled` | This value enables the external secrets | `false/true` |
| `secrets.name` | The name of the secret to be created in k8s secrets resource | `""` |
| `secrets.refreshInterval` | The refresh interval of the secret | `""` |
| `secrets.data.secretKey` | The key of the secret | `"application.yaml"` |
| `secrets.data.remoteRef.parentKey` | The vault parent key/mount path for the data | `"kv/services/secrets/data"` |
| `secrets.data.remoteRef.property` | The key of in the vault secret | `"application.yaml"` |
| `secrets.data.remoteRef.decodingStrategy` | The decoding strategy | `Base64` |

Commit message:

Add secret renewal control field (#50)
* - adds field to manage percentage at which the secrets are rotated instead of using the default
- fixed typo in renamed field

* upgrades chart

yilu-common/README.md, after:

# Yilu Common chart

Yilu-Common is a base chart for all internally used charts.

## VERSIONS AND BREAKING CHANGES

This template supports semantic versioning as helm.

with the version `0.3.0` breaking changes are introduced and template is not backward compatible.
*Helm v3 supported only.*
Lots of changes on how the templates are configured.
But generated manifest is still same.

### Migration from 0.2.z to 0.3.z

with the new template you don't have to explicitly import values when using the chart. 

this is how it used to be with versions 0.2.z

in the requirements.yaml (Helm v2) or in the Chart.yaml(Helm v3) calling import-values block is mandatory

```yaml
dependencies:
  - name: yilu-common
    version: 0.2.0
    repository: https://yiluhub.github.io/common-chart/
    import-values:
      - data
```

```yaml
serviceName: "communication-engine"
yilu-common:
  exports:
    data:
      secretsEnabled: true
      secretsName: communication-engine-secrets
```

and now it's simplified, import-values is not necessary.

```yaml
dependencies:
  - name: yilu-common
    version: 0.3.0
    repository: https://yiluhub.github.io/common-chart/
```

also notice exports:data is not necessary, parameter names also changed. please refer to [parameters](#parameters) part of this documentation

```yaml
yilu-common:
  serviceName: "communication-engine"
  secrets:
    enabled: true
    name: communication-engine-secrets
```

## USAGE

### How to use

You can use `helm create .` then helm will automatically creates necessary folders.

```bash
~/tmp/demo-service$ helm create demo-service-chart
Creating demo-service
/tmp/$ cd demo-service-chart && ls -l
total 16
-rw-r--r--   1 guneriu  wheel   1.1K Sep 29 14:39 Chart.yaml
drwxr-xr-x   2 guneriu  wheel    64B Sep 29 14:39 charts
drwxr-xr-x  10 guneriu  wheel   320B Sep 29 14:39 templates
-rw-r--r--   1 guneriu  wheel   1.8K Sep 29 14:39 values.yaml

```

Helm generated a bunch of files inside the templates folder \
but we won't need them for common chart. Because common-chart will generate \
all necessary files for the deployment. Also clean the variables from values.yaml

```bash

~/tmp/demo-service/demo-service-chart$ rm -rf /templates
~/tmp/demo-service/demo-service-chart$ echo "" > values.yaml

```

Add yilu-common repo to your helm repos list.
```bash
~/tmp/demo-service$ helm repo add yilu-common https://yiluhub.github.io/common-chart/
```
Now let's add yilu-common as a dependency, append the lines to Chart.yaml
```yaml
dependencies:
  - name: yilu-common
    version: 0.3.0
    repository: https://yiluhub.github.io/common-chart/
```

Update dependency to fetch the chart

```bash
 ~/tmp/demo-service$ helm dependency update demo-service-chart
Hang tight while we grab the latest from your chart repositories...
...Unable to get an update from the "local" chart repository (http://127.0.0.1:8879/charts):
	Get "http://127.0.0.1:8879/charts/index.yaml": dial tcp 127.0.0.1:8879: connect: connection refused
...Successfully got an update from the "kubernetes" chart repository
...Successfully got an update from the "yilu-common" chart repository
...Successfully got an update from the "hashicorp" chart repository
...Successfully got an update from the "stable" chart repository
Update Complete. ⎈Happy Helming!⎈
Saving 1 charts
Downloading yilu-common from repo https://yiluhub.github.io/common-chart/
Deleting outdated charts
```  

Ideally, you would pass the params via values.yaml but let's test if things are fine until now.
You should see manifest output. 
```bash
 ~/tmp/demo-service$ helm template  demo-service-chart --debug --set yilu-common.image.tag="test" --set serviceName="demo-service"
 
 ---
# Source: demo-service/charts/yilu-common/templates/service.yaml
apiVersion: v1
kind: Service
metadata:
  name: demo-service
  labels:
    simpletrip: demo-service
spec:
  type: NodePort
  ports:
  - port: 8080
    name: http
  selector:
    simpletrip: demo-service
---
# Source: demo-service/charts/yilu-common/templates/deployment.yaml
apiVersion: apps/v1
kind: Deployment
metadata:
  name: demo-service
  labels:
    simpletrip: demo-service
spec:
  selector:
    matchLabels:
      simpletrip: demo-service
  template:
    metadata:
      labels:
        simpletrip: demo-service
    spec:
      containers:
      - name: simpletrip
        image: 432560034976.dkr.ecr.eu-central-1.amazonaws.com/yiluhub/demo-service:test
        imagePullPolicy: Always
        ports:
        - containerPort: 8080
        envFrom:
        - configMapRef:
            name: spring-boot-cloud
        livenessProbe:
          httpGet:
            path: /actuator/health
            port: 8080
          initialDelaySeconds: 300
        readinessProbe:
          httpGet:
            path: /actuator/health
            port: 8080
          initialDelaySeconds: 30
        env:
        - name: SPRING_ENVIRONMENT
          valueFrom:
            configMapKeyRef:
              name: spring-boot-cloud
              key: spring.environment
        - name: CLOUD_ENVIRONMENT
          valueFrom:
            configMapKeyRef:
              name: spring-boot-cloud
              key: cloud.environment
        - name: SERVER_PORT
          value: "8080"
        - name: DD_AGENT_HOST
          valueFrom:
            fieldRef:
              fieldPath: status.hostIP
        - name: DD_TRACE_ENABLED
          valueFrom:
            configMapKeyRef:
              name: datadog-config
              key: apm.enabled
        - name: DD_SERVICE_NAME
          valueFrom:
            fieldRef:
              fieldPath: metadata.labels['simpletrip']
        - name: DD_TRACE_ANALYTICS_ENABLED
          valueFrom:
            configMapKeyRef:
              name: datadog-config
              key: apm.enabled
        - name: DD_LOGS_INJECTION
          valueFrom:
            configMapKeyRef:
              name: datadog-config
              key: apm.enabled
      affinity:
        podAntiAffinity:
          requiredDuringSchedulingIgnoredDuringExecution:
          - labelSelector:
              matchExpressions:
              - key: simpletrip
                operator: In
                values:
                -
            topologyKey: kubernetes.io/hostname
      nodeSelector:
        role: general-purpose
  strategy:
    type: RollingUpdate
    rollingUpdate:
      maxSurge: 1
      maxUnavailable: 0
---
# Source: demo-service/charts/yilu-common/templates/hpa.yaml
apiVersion: autoscaling/v1
kind: HorizontalPodAutoscaler
metadata:
  name: demo-service
spec:
  minReplicas: 2
  maxReplicas: 10
  scaleTargetRef:
    apiVersion: apps/v1
    kind: Deployment
    name: demo-service
  targetCPUUtilizationPercentage: 80
```

---

#### Example CronJob configuration

```yaml
serviceName: "whatever-name"
containerName: "whatever-container-name"
job:
  enabled: true
  concurrencyPolicy: "Forbid"
  schedule: "'*/15 * * * *'"
  successfulJobsHistoryLimit: 10
  failedJobsHistoryLimit: 10
  overrideImageUrl: busybox  # optional; otherwise it uses the same image used for deployment
  extraEnvConfigMapRef: extra-env-config-map-name  # optional; if you want to have extra env configuration
  image:
  args:
    - java
    - -jar
    - /usr/local/lib/app.jar
    - -v
```

### AWS Configuration

Configuring AWS access for your app is done via injecting AWS credentials to container

```yaml
aws:
  enabled: true
  secretKeyRefName: "aws-secrets"
```

will generate the code below, please configure your secret accordingly to match with the keys `key_id`, `secret`

```yaml
    env:
    - name: AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID
      valueFrom:
        secretKeyRef:
          name: aws-secrets
          key: key_id
    - name: AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY
      valueFrom:
        secretKeyRef:
          name: aws-secrets
          key: secret
```

### Secrets Configuration

We have enabled Kubernetes & Vault secret integration in chart version 0.4.0 and above.
More details can be found [here](https://yiluts.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/YILU/pages/2463694899/HCP+Vault+-+Kubernetes+Integration)

When you enable secrets, `secrets.enabled`, Kubernetes will fetch the secret from Vault. Thus make sure that corresponding secret exists in Vault. More details around adding/ updating secrets in Vault can be found [here](https://github.com/yiluhub/vault-service-secret)

### Adding dynamic and static secrets with vault secrets operator

To enable the `dynamicSecrets`, you need to set `enabled` as true, provide a valid `mountPath`, `permissionsRolePath`.

To enable the `staticSecrets`, you need to set `enabled` as true, provide a valid `mountPath`, `secretName`, `secretPath`, `secretKeys`

Shown below is an example of how to set this up:

```yaml
yilu-common:
  secrets:
    dynamicSecrets:
      enabled: false
      mountPath: "<some path here>" # example: aws/secret-engines"
      secrets:
        - name: "some-name" # something like worldshop
          type: "type of dynamic secrets engine" # example: aws
          permissionsRolePath: "vault role path here>" # example: creds/service-read"
          renewalPercent: 70
    staticSecrets:
      enabled: false
      mountPath: "<some path here>" # example: kv/services/secrets
      refreshInterval: 1h
      secretName: "<some name here"  # example: Yilu-static-secret
      secretPath: "<some secret path here>" # example: worldshop
      version: 1
      secretKeys:
      - KEY1
      - KEY2
```

The `secretKeys` are the ones that will be assigned to env vars for the deployment, they also match the keys in vault for the specific secret

To know which exact `permissionsRolePath` value to use for a given environment, you need to check the respective vault for the given environment under the `aws/secrets-engine` for AWS, and among the roles, select one with the permissions your application needs.

```NOTE: This secrets stanza is the same one used by the external secrets operator. This will remain the same for now until we fully migrate to the new vault secrets operator to avoid confusion.
```

## Parameters

## Yilu-Common parameters

| Name                     | Description                                                       | Value                                                     |
|--------------------------|-------------------------------------------------------------------|-----------------------------------------------------------|
| `serviceName`            | Service name, *mandatory*                                         | ``                                                        |
| `containerName`          | Service container name                                            | ``                                                        |
| `image.repository`       | Service image repository                                          | `432560034976.dkr.ecr.eu-central-1.amazonaws.com/yiluhub` |
| `image.tag`              | Service image tag (immutable tags are recommended), *mandatory*   | `""`                                                      |
| `image.pullPolicy`       | Service image pull policy                                         | `Always`                                                  |
| `secrets.enabled`        | Enable injection of existing secrets                              | `false`                                                   |
| `secrets.name`           | name of the existing secrets                                      | `""`                                                      |
| `aws.enabled`            | Enable injection of AWS credentials via secrets                   | `false`                                                   |
| `aws.secretKeyRefName`   | name of the existing secrets contains AWS credentials             | `""`                                                      |
| `args`                   | Override default container args (useful when using custom images) | `[]`                                                      |
| `extraEnv`               | Extra environment variables to be set on the container            | `[]`                                                      |
| `mockClientsConfEnabled` | Setup environment variables for Mocking (useful for dev)          | `false`                                                   |
| `labels`                 | labels to add to container                                        | `""`                                                      |
| `resources`              | add resource request                                              | `"check readme file"`                                     |

### Exposure parameters

| Name                               | Description                            | Value                    |
|------------------------------------|----------------------------------------|--------------------------|
| `service.type`                     | Kubernetes service type                | `NodePort`               |
| `service.port`                     | Kubernetes service HTTP port           | `8080`                   |
| `service.ports.https.enabled`      | Enable Kubernetes service HTTPS port   | `false`                  |
| `service.ports.https`              | Kubernetes service HTTPS port          | `443`                    |

### Service Health

| Name                                   | Description                                         | Value              |
|----------------------------------------|-----------------------------------------------------|--------------------|
| `livenessProbe.path`                   | LivenessProbe path                                  | `/actuator/health` |
| `livenessProbe.initialDelaySeconds`    | LivenessProbe initial delay second to make request  | `300`              |
| `readinessProbe.path`                  | ReadinessProbe path                                 | `/actuator/health` |
| `readinessProbe.initialDelaySeconds`   | ReadinessProbe initial delay second to make request | `30`               |

### Monitoring

| Name                             | Description                                | Value             |
|----------------------------------|--------------------------------------------|-------------------|
| `datadog.serviceNameEnv`         | Environment variable name for service name | `DD_SERVICE_NAME` |
| `datadog.analyzedSpansEnabled`   | Enable span analyze                        | `false`           |

### AutoScaling

| Name                                 | Description                                  | Value |
|--------------------------------------|----------------------------------------------|-------|
| `hpa.targetCPUUtilizationPercentage` | Target Cpu percentage to trigger autoscaling | `80`  |
| `hpa.minReplicas`                    | Min number of replicas                       | `2`   |
| `hpa.maxReplicas`                    | Max number of replicas                       | `10`  |

### CronJob

| Name                             | Description                                        | Value   |
|----------------------------------|----------------------------------------------------|---------|
| `job.enable`                     | Enable creation of the cronjob                     | `false` |
| `job.overrideImageUrl`           | Image url, otherwise uses default image repository | `""`    |
| `job.concurrencyPolicy`          | Job concurrency policy                             | `""`    |
| `job.schedule`                   | Job schedule, cron tab format                      | `""`    |
| `job.successfulJobsHistoryLimit` | Job successful jobs history limit                  | `""`    |
| `job.failedJobsHistoryLimit`     | Job failed jobs history limit                      | `""`    |
| `job.command`                    | Command to run on the container                    | `""`    |
| `job.args`                       | Extra args to pass to container                    | `[]`    |
| `job.extraEnvConfigMapRef`       | Name of the configmap to inject to container       | `""`    |

### Dynamic/Static Secrets (Vault Secrets Operator)

| Name                             | Description                                        | Value   |
|----------------------------------|--------------------------------------------------------|---------|
| `secrets.vault.namespace` | Namespace in Vault where the secrets are created| `admin/yiluhub` |
| `secrets.vault.vaultSecretsOperatorName`| Name of the Vault secrets operator name | `"vault-secrets-operator"` |
| `secrets.vault.authRef`| vault secrets operator auth ref name prefixed with the namespace |`"vault-secrets-operator/default"` |
| `secrets.dynamicSecrets.enabled` | This value enables the dynamic secrets | `false/true` |
| `secrets.dynamicSecrets.mountPath` | The mount path at which the secrets engine is mounted | `"eg. aws/secrets-engine"` |
| `secrets.dynamicSecrets.secrets.name` | The name of the of the secret to be created in k8s secret resource | `""` |
| `secrets.dynamicSecrets.secrets.type` | The type of the dynamic secret | `"aws or database"` |
| `secrets.dynamicSecrets.secrets.permissionsRolePath` | the dynamic secrets role path in vault | `"eg. creds/service-read"` |
| `secrets.dynamicSecrets.secrets.renewalPercent | percentage of the TTL at which the secret is renewed. value is represented as % (percentage), so 70 is 70% of the TTL | `"eg. 70` |
| `secrets.staticSecrets.enabled` | This value enables the static secrets | `false/true` |
| `secrets.staticSecrets.mountPath` | The mount path at which the secrets engine is mounted | `"kv/service/secrets"` |
| `secrets.staticSecrets.refreshInterval` | The refresh interval of the secret | `""` |
| `secrets.staticSecrets.secretName` | The name of the secret to be created in k8s secrets resource | `""` |
| `secrets.staticSecrets.secretPath` | The static secrets path in vault | `"worldshop"` |
| `secrets.staticSecrets.version` | The vault version to use | `"1"` |
| `secrets.staticSecrets.secretKeys` | The list of secret Keys that much the keys of the specific secret in vault | `[]` |

### Secrets (External Secrets Operator)

| Name                             | Description                                        | Value   |
|----------------------------------|--------------------------------------------------------|---------|
| `secrets.enabled` | This value enables the external secrets | `false/true` |
| `secrets.name` | The name of the secret to be created in k8s secrets resource | `""` |
| `secrets.refreshInterval` | The refresh interval of the secret | `""` |
| `secrets.data.secretKey` | The key of the secret | `"application.yaml"` |
| `secrets.data.remoteRef.parentKey` | The vault parent key/mount path for the data | `"kv/services/secrets/data"` |
| `secrets.data.remoteRef.property` | The key of in the vault secret | `"application.yaml"` |
| `secrets.data.remoteRef.decodingStrategy` | The decoding strategy | `Base64` |
